# Job Hunting and Time Management - 9/14/2023
It's been quite the September. I'm unemployed, but I'm busier than ever. It's strange to think about: Over the last four weeks, I've applied to something like 60 jobs, started a new project, traveled home over Labor Day Weekend to visit family, and fixed up my apartment; but at no point have I been beholden to anyone's expectations other than my own. This is both a blessing and a curse. 

I knew the search would take time - the market is saturated with super-talented hardworking programmers right now, and macroeconomic conditions aren't exactly rosy. What I didn't anticipate was how rough it could feel. At times, it's like I'm chasing my tail: When I'm applying to jobs, I think about all my projects that need work. When I'm designing and programming, I think about all the connections I could be making. The lack of an external structure to provide direction and feedback means it's up to me to judge whether I'm making adequate progress. It creates a real sense of doubt, which isn't always easy to handle. The best way I've found to keep the dread at bay is to set aside a dedicated chunk of the day to get my work done, and keep track of what I'm doing in my notebook. If I'm working, I'm learning. If I'm learning, I know that counts for something. 

The downside to this approach is that I need to make sure I'm getting a certain amount of work done each day; and that amount needs to be sustainable. There have been times when I've found myself feeling like I haven't done enough, which leaves me feeling frustrated and irritable. It's no good for anyone, especially for my friends and my partner. They've often been on the receiving end of my frustration and anxiety. Their patience is deeply appreciated, but I need to do a better job of keeping myself from letting things overwhelm me. That's why my latest project is designed to do just that. It's an application that helps you plan your work session, and keep track of what you spend time on while you work. As you use the app, you'll be able to view reports that will help you understand the way you work: 
- What types of tasks do you spend the most time on? 
- What projects have you been working on lately? 
- How accurate are your estimates for how long a given task will take, and how has your accuracy changed over time? 

If I can understand more about where my time goes, I'll be able to avoid setting goals that will put me in a bad position. If the bar is too low, my skills will  stagnate. If the bar is too high, I'll get burned out. I'll also be able to adjust my expectations when situations arise that I can't plan for. This will hopefully let me define a happy medium, and keep myself on track to meeting it. If you're interested, check out the GitHub repo here: https://github.com/BenJerke/gfb2

Thanks for reading, and stay tuned for more updates! 